How did that happen?
You make it clear
I accidentally offended Brother Lu Xiao that day.
After the torture telegram found out, it directly blocked my company
Now hundreds of people under the company are eating
I can't take it anymore
Ruonan, are you listening? Ruonan
Could it be that what Lu Xiao and the others said is true?
Definitely not.
This 200 million card
How could it be thrown on the ground?
Ma Chuchu
What are you doing here so late?
Why don't you want mom to go without mom
How is it? Have you broken up with Lu Xiao?
Feeling Chuchu today
It seems to have been sowing discord all the time
Ah, of course it's broken.
Lu Xiao doesn't have a word of truth in his mouth
I told you so.
Ouch, my baby girl finally figured it out haha.
God has eyes
Pour mom a glass of water